leji mounts update-pin: Move a declared mount's pin forward to a witnessed
   commit, showing the comparison first.

Usage: leji mounts update-pin <name> [--to <oid>] [--allow-non-fast-forward]
       [--fetch] [--dry-run] [--root <dir>] [--json]

Rewrites one declared federation mount's pin in leji.json, after printing where
that pin stands against its tracking ref. Offline by default: the target is the
last successfully observed witness in a reachable object store (the
resolver-managed store first, then a hint or a unique matching submodule holding
both the pin and the ref), never a claim that the source was looked at during
this run. --fetch observes the declared source and nothing else, in three acts:
retain the current pin in the resolver-managed store, refresh the managed
witness ref once, and retain the target once the comparison has passed; any of
them failing refuses the move with a stable reason and leaves leji.json
untouched, though objects and refs already fetched stay in the managed store.
With no trackingRef declared the run refuses offline, and under --fetch resolves
the source's advertised default branch for this run and reports it as the
compared ref. The pin moves forward only: a target that is not a descendant of
the current pin is refused unless BOTH --to <oid> and --allow-non-fast-forward
are given, which is recorded as a warning and as override in --json; neither
flag bypasses a repository whose ancestry is incomplete. --to takes a full 40-
or 64-character lowercase hex commit id the comparison repository already holds.
--dry-run computes and prints everything and writes no manifest byte; combined
with --fetch it still performs that flag's store and network acts, so fetched
objects and refs land in the managed store. Only the pin's own bytes are
replaced, so field order, formatting and unmodeled keys survive. Hydration is a
separate step: the run prints the leji mounts hydrate command that materializes
the new pin, and the cache entry for the old pin is left in place for you to
remove by hand. Exit 0 when the pin was updated, was already the target, or the
run was a dry run; 1 when the move was refused with a stable reason; 2 for a
usage error, or when the addressed pin cannot be located in leji.json.

Options:
   --to <oid>                 Move to this exact commit instead of the witness
                              tip; it must already be held by the comparison
                              repository.
   --allow-non-fast-forward   Permit a target that is not a descendant of the
                              current pin. Valid only with --to, and always
                              warned.
   --fetch                    Observe the declared source: retain the current
                              pin, refresh the managed witness ref, and retain
                              the target.
   --dry-run                  Show the comparison and what would change; write
                              no manifest byte. With --fetch, the store and
                              network acts still happen.

Global options: see leji --help.

Examples:
   leji mounts update-pin product-context
   leji mounts update-pin product-context --fetch --dry-run
   leji mounts update-pin product-context --to 7d3f2a19c4e8b6a0d5f1c2e9b8a7f6d5c4b3a2e1

Full reference: https://leji.org/cli/
